Update builtin data sources docs (#1203)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/tech-insights/builtin-data-sources/index.md

All built-in Data Sources have pre-defined Facts you can use for defining your [Checks](../checks/). You can view the
Facts on the detail page for the individual Data Source or when adding a Check.

You can also [create your own custom Data Sources]('../define-custom-data-sources/') if the built-in ones do not provide
the Facts you need.

### Configuring Built-in Data Sources

Built-in Data Sources use integration configurations from common Backstage plugins and annotations provided by them. You
can see configuration instructions for integrations on their respective documentation pages
in [the Plugins & Integrations page](/docs/integrations/).

We have built several Data Sources, which you can find explained below, together with annotations used by them and facts
they currently include. You can get a list of the facts available on each data source within the app as well. You can
learn how to access this information within the app on
the [Data Source results and details page](../data-source-details/).

This list will probably have better accuracy, since we update facts frequently.

> Please note, if you don't find what you are looking for and/or want to create something we haven't provided out of the

Author: ```suggestion
As mentioned above, if you don't find what you are looking for and/or want to create something we haven't provided out of the
```

> box, Roadie Tech Insights lets you [define custom Data Sources](../define-custom-data-sources/).

Reviewer: This is the second time this is mentioned. Maybe say "As mentioned above.."
